Update automated-investigation-response-office.md (#648)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-o365seccomp: SecurityCompliance/automated-investigation-response-office.md

# Automated Investigation and Response (AIR) with Office 365

> Automated Investigation and Response (AIR) (currently in public preview as part of [Office 365 Threat investigation and response capabilities](office-365-ti.md)) enables you to run automated investigation and remediation to well-known threats that exist today. Read this article to get an overview of AIR and how it can help your organization and security operations teams mitigate threats more effectively and efficiently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated Investigation and Response (AIR) (currently in public preview as one of many [Office 365 Threat investigation and response capabilities](office-365-ti.md)) enables you to run automated investigation and remediation to well-known threats that exist today. Read this article to get an overview of AIR and how it can help your organization and security operations teams mitigate threats more effectively and efficiently. 
```
